


Nisent Privacy Policy


Nisent Global Solutions is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Statement covers and provides information regarding how we treat your personal information/data collected and your associated rights when using our websites, platforms and other services that link to this Privacy Statement, or when purchasing products from, conducting business with, or otherwise interacting with Nisent Global Solutions.

When referring to Nisent Global Solutions, the terms “Nisent”, “company”, “we”, “us”, and “our” are used only for convenience and may not necessarily applied to be an accurate description of ownership, operation or corporate/legal relationship.

This Privacy Statement applies to our practices, both online and offline, regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information and of the rights of individuals regarding their own personal information. This includes job applicants and visitors to Nisent website, recipients of electronic communications from us, individuals that interact with us through social media websites and other platforms or website applications. By accessing our services linked to this Privacy Statement, you agree to these terms described herein.

If you are an employee, trainee / apprentice, contractor, spouse/dependent of an employee, trainee / apprentice of Nisent Global Solutions, please refer to the Nisent Employee Information Privacy Policy on our policy portal for information regarding your privacy with respect to personal data collected pursuant to your relationship with Nisent Global Solutions.

Personal data collection

The types of information we collect depends on what relationship you have with us which product or service you use.

– Categories of data you may provide to us:

Personal information, such as name, surname, age, sex, AADHAR, passport number, driver’s license number, postal address, telephone number, email address, and company name.
Education information, such as highest education level, degree attained, and institution attended.
Professional or Employment Information, such as your designation, job title, job function, job description, skill, company/organization name and information, and other information about yourself.
Demographic Information, such as your language, race, nationality and country residence.
You are not required to provide information we may request, however if you choose not to provide the requested information, we may not be able to provide you the requested product, service or to complete your job application.

– Categories of data collected automatically by us:

Information about your browsing behavior on our websites, platforms or job applications, such as the date and time you visit, the areas or pages you visit, the amount of time you spend viewing or using our websites, platform or job application, and the number of times you return. Occasionally, we may link this information with your identity to determine your potential interests in our products and services.
We also collect certain standard information that your browser sends to every website you visit, such as your internet protocol (IP) address, your browser type and capabilities, your preferred language, your operating system, software version, the date and time you access the site, and the website from which you linked to our site(s) or application(s), if any.
– Categories of data we collect about you from third parties:

If you connect / link to us through a third-party service, we may receive information about you such as the above-listed personal, educational, professional and demographic information.
Information we collect about you

With regard to each of your visits to our Web site, we may automatically collect the following information:

Technical information, including the Internet Protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform.
Information about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from our Web site (including date and time); products you viewed or searched for; page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page and any phone number used to call our customer service number.
Cookies and Other Tracking

Cookies are small amounts of data generated by a website and saved by your web browser. Their purpose is to remember information about you. Our websites may use cookies to track the number of times you have visited our website, platform or job application to track the number of visitors to our website, platform and job application to analyze visitors’ experience with our site, to store data that you may provide (such as preferences), and to store technical information related to your interactions with our websites, platforms and applications.

International data transfers

We may transfer personal data to and store personal data in countries other than the country where it was collected or where you accessed our websites, platforms or applications. Those countries may have different data privacy and protection laws than the countries from which the personal data was collected or from which you accessed our websites, platforms or applications. To the extent required by applicable law, we will take measures to protect personal data so transferred or stored. By choosing to use our services, including our websites, platforms and applications, and submitting personal data to us, you consent to the transfer of such personal data outside of your country of residence.

Personal data retention

To the extent permitted by applicable law and in accordance with the provisions of this Privacy Statement, we keep personal data for so long as (1) it is needed for the purpose for which we obtained it originally, or (2) we have another lawful basis for retaining it beyond the purpose for which it was originally obtained.

Security measures

We use, and we require our service providers to use, industry standard security measures for securing and protecting personal data, including without limitation encrypting data in transit and at rest, as well as limiting access to personal data on a least privilege basis, i.e., giving each user access only to personal data needed to perform their specific job duties.

Linked websites

Our websites, platforms and applications may contain links to other websites, including those of other companies, organizations, and publications. These websites operate independently from our websites, platforms and applications, and we do not control and are not responsible for the content, security, or data privacy practices used by other entities. You should review the privacy statements of those websites to determine how they protect and use your personal data.

Disclosure

We still may disclose personally identifiable data about you or your use of this Web site if we have a good faith belief it is necessary to: (a) protect and defend the rights, property or safety of NISENT, employees, other users of this Web site, or the public; (b) enforce the terms and conditions that apply to use of this Web site; (c) as required by a legally valid request from a competent governmental authority or (d) respond to claims that any content of this Web site violates the rights of third-parties. We may also disclose personally identifiable data as it deems necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request.

Your rights

Depending upon the laws applicable where you reside, you may have any or all the below described rights. We are committed to protecting your privacy and will make reasonable efforts to honor your exercise of the below rights as permitted by law.

– Right to access:

You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal data over the past 12 months. Once we receive your verifiable request, we will disclose to you:

The categories of personal data we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal data we collected about you.
our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling your personal data; the categories of third parties with whom we share that personal data; and
the specific pieces of personal data we collected about you.
– Right to delete:

You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal data we collected from or about you, subject to certain below-listed exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal data from our records unless an exception applies.

Exceptions to your rights

We may deny your deletion request if retaining the personal data is necessary for us or our service providers to:

complete the transaction for which we collected the personal data, provide a product or service you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you;
detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities;
debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality;
exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided by law;
engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if you previously provided informed consent;
enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us;
comply with a legal obligation; or
make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Changes to Privacy Statement

We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Statement at any time at our discretion and will review and update it as may be necessary but will do so at least annually. When we do, we will revise the effective date at the top of this Privacy Statement. Please revisit this page periodically to become aware of the most recent privacy terms – your use of our services linked to this Privacy Statement after such changes have been posted constitutes your agreement to such terms.

Contact Us

If you have questions regarding this Privacy Statement or our handling of personal data, or to exercise your rights herein, please submit a request to corporate@nisent.com.

